# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 65ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 196ms
  [gap of 78ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 275ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-variant-model 24ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 178ms
  [gap of 22ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 200ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 20ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 160ms
  [gap of 54ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 215ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 19ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
    create-module-model 18ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 188ms
  [gap of 52ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 241ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 116ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 129ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    [gap of 47ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 112ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 121ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 53ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 122ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 85ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 95ms
  [gap of 45ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 140ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-variant-model 16ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 68ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 72ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 84ms
  [gap of 28ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 113ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 22ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 20ms
    [gap of 14ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 96ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 107ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 22ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 107ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 117ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 15ms
    [gap of 55ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 84ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 41ms
    [gap of 56ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 98ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 25ms]
      create-cmake-model 55ms
    create-module-model completed in 89ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 82ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 106ms
    create-X86-model 38ms
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 573ms
  [gap of 76ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 651ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-module-model 15ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 77ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 20ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 30ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 149ms
  [gap of 56ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 205ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 65ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 99ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 116ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-variant-model 15ms# C/C++ build system timings
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 23ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-module-model
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 163ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 138ms
  [gap of 54ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 217ms


  [gap of 47ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 185ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 89ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 105ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 15ms
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 31ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 31ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 130ms
  [gap of 69ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 199ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 20ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 21ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 174ms
  [gap of 59ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 233ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 84ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 24ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 110ms
  [gap of 125ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 250ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 44ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 38ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 103ms

